Q: What are the best methods to study?
LINK: https://qr.ae/TWHvQp


To determine the best methods to use in studying, we should examine how learning occurs - how the brain works.
Learning occurs through repetition. When a network of neurons repeatedly fire, the neurons physically change to support a stronger connection and flow of information. The best form of repetition is retrieval. That means that while there is learning value in simply re-exposing yourself to information, such as re-reading the chapter of a book, it is more effective and efficient to perform exercises that instead retrieve the information after it has been stored in long term memory. This can be done by techniques such as self-tests, flash cards, reciting, and using the information in a transformative manner.
One of the best transformative manners is to teach or at least spend time figuring out how you would teach the material, yourself - how would you interpret it? What diagrams would you create to illustrate the concepts? How would you explain them? What exercises would you have students do to learn the material? Transfer information from one modality to another.
Priming is a process by which exposure to information that has already been learned can prepare the brain to learn more about that information. So, refresh last week’s material before studying this week’s material (if they’re related). Skim a chapter before reading it intently. Take a self-test before reading a chapter.
Multi-tasking is nonsense. The brain can only properly focus on one cognitive process at a time. When we think we are multi-tasking, we are actually task-switching (jumping back and forth from one task to another, with lost time during each jump). That means if you are studying, do only that. Focus.
Never “cram” - it might get you through a test, but it is NOT learning. Utilize distributed practice (AKA spaced learning). It is more effective to study for one hour on one day and another hour the next day than it is to study for two hours on one day - in fact it is twice as effective. Distributed practice means to repeatedly study the same information with longer time in-between each study session, until the rate of forgetting becomes negligible.

Utilize deliberate practice. Deliberate practice involves setting specific goals for the study/practice session, practicing with intense focus in a challenging way, analyzing your performance (and if at all possible getting feedback from a more skilled/knowledgeable person). And then using that assessment to set the goals for the next practice.
Don’t over do it. The science shows no appreciable value for studying more than four hours.
Sleep. While you sleep, your hippocampus and neocortex are busy reorganizing information and encoding long term memories. In other words, you learn not so much while you are studying, but while you sleep, after studying.
Drink Guinness.


