This file keeps link and content of some of my favorite answers on Quora. 
Need to keep in habit of logging. 

################
# Life Lessons #
################

I learned that you can’t put yourself in someone else hands, they’ll drop you.. they’ll drop you every single time.

+ What are the best one-minute life hacks?
    1. Buy a Greens Mix and a Shaker
    This will take you a few seconds to do but will have positive results for YEARS to come. Because of the lowered quality of our modern food, most of us have severe micronutrient deficiencies that lead to all sorts of issues like brain fog, fatigue, insomnia, and mood swings. Invest in a high-quality greens mix (I recommend either Athletic Greens, Onnit’s EGN, or Legion’s Genisis) and drink it every morning on an empty stomach. It will take you less than a minute a day and will give you the same energy and mental boost as spending 15 minutes preparing a green smoothie.

    2. Buy a Notepad and a Pen and Carry it With You Everywhere
    This might sound simple, but this one trick can have profound implications on your life. Everyday we have ideas pop into our heads, we learn new things from people we meet, and see/hear things that we think, “Man that would be perfect for xyz”. But we rarely, if ever, capture these ideas and lessons. By having a notepad jamming into your leg all day, you’ll be reminded to take 15 seconds and jot down these ideas and lessons as they arise. AND you’ll get bonus points when you’re in a social setting because other people will respect that you are trying to learn from them (and that you’re not whipping your phone out to take notes instead).

    3. Buy a Calendar and Do *THIS*
    If there’s a goal or habit you’ve been trying to accomplish that you can’t seem to figure out, buy a big ass calendar and a red sharpie and use the Jerry Seinfeld technique. Every day that you successfully move towards your goal or complete your habit (e.g. writing 100 words in your blog, exercising for 10 minutes, drinking 8 glasses of water) put a big red x on the calendar. Your goal is to create a chain of consecutive days and to NEVER break the chain. Keep the calendar where you can see it and you’ll be much more likely to follow through on those goals and dreams.

    4. Download This App
    Pull out your phone right now and download Instacart. It’s a grocery delivery app that will save you HOURS of time and thousands of dollars in the long run. Here’s the thing… Grocery shopping is a waste of time. You have to write out your list, drive to the store, shop for items, wait in line, and you end up leaving with dozens of dollars worth of crappy foods that you never intended to buy. By having a meal plan created for your weeks and using Instacart to get your groceries delivered to your door, you’ll save at least 4–5 hours of time each week and hundreds of dollars each year.

    5. Put 3 Books in Your Bathroom and Leave Your Phone Out of It
    It’s almost a cliche at this point… Using the bathroom and dicking around on your phone. But here’s the thing… If you’re going to spend ~30 minutes on the crapper every day anyway, why not use that time to grow and expand your mind. Put a few high-quality books in your bathroom next to the toilet and pick them up any time you need to “relieve:” yourself. You’ll be amazed at how many pages this simple trick will help you read.

    6. Black Out the Windows in Your Bedroom
    Use black contractor trash bags if you have to but block out ALL of the light in your room. It will have a profound impact on the quality of your sleep and help you perform far better during the day.

    7. Say This ONE Word
    “No”. That’s it. When you don’t feel like doing something, use this 2-second life hack and save yourself hours of time and plenty of headaches.

    8. Make Someone Love You in 60 Seconds
    Here’s a great life hack that takes only 60 seconds. Make other people look good. Seriously, the next time you’re in a group of people, take one minute and compliment/praise someone else in the group. They will love you for making them look good publicly and other people will respect you more because you hung up your ego and focused the attention on someone else.

    9. Buy These Three Things and Keep them at Your Office
    Buy a kettlebell, a blue light machine, and a standing desk extension. It will make your days far healthier and more productive and will cost you less than $300.
    I promise it’s worth it.

    10. Spend the First 60 Seconds Of Your Day Like THIS
    When you wake up, drink a large glass of lemon water and then stand outside in the sunlight barefoot.This will wake you up, invigorate you, and pull you out of your morning slump faster than any cup of coffee.


+ What do you wish you knew at age 20?
  - https://www.quora.com/What-do-you-wish-you-knew-at-age-20/answer/Gabriele-Beggiora?share=bddec0d7&srid=79Pq
    University is easier than you think;
    Job experience is more important than a degree;
    Networking is more important than a degree plus job experience combined;
    In life you need consistency, pick something and stick with it;
    You’ll regret your tattoos;
    No one outside your family cares about you, develop individualism asap!;
    Rejection is more painful on paper, and inside your head, than it is in reality;
    You’re much more adaptable than you think;
    Ask your parents for advice and listen to them;
    Your parents can somehow predict the future, it’s called life experience, they have it, you don’t;
    There are things you’re good at, don’t do them for free;
    Everyone has an agenda, 9.9 times out of 10 it’s hidden;
    If you want to invest your time in any kind of activity, make sure it leads to something useful;
    Whims are whims, they’re not the result of reasoning;
    You need much less than you think;
    When you’ll be 34 you’ll look back and see yourself as a prick;
    Many times where there’s a will there’s a way, don’t trust those who tell you otherwise;
    Don’t judge anything or anyone, unless you’ve been through the same;
    Hard times WILL come, always prepare for the worst;
    People enter and exit your life, you stay in your life, so do problems;
    
   
+ What is something people need to understand?   
http://qr.ae/TUNUvn
    Grit is the engine of success.
    Not ability.
    Not talent.
    Not IQ.
    Grit.
    This isn't a matter of opinion. There's research behind it. And what it concludes is unequivocal—
    Innate aptitude just means you start out a few steps ahead.
    Perseverance is where it's at.
    When I started out my writing was so crappy I wouldn't share it here if you paid me.
    My first gig paid $1.5/hour.
    10,000 hours later, I support a family of 5 by working from home.
    I got here because I showed up.
    Every. Single. Day.
    Ask my wife how many times I came to her on the verge of tears saying I wanted to quit because my writing was rejected.
    But I stuck with it.
    And with time, the rejections became approvals.
    Never hearing from clients again became high-paying long-term retainers.
    And the feelings of insecurity became a steadily growing sense of self-assurance.
    Failure is staying down after you get knocked out.
    Success is doing something as many times as it takes until you nail it.
    Credit: Grit: The power of passion and perseverance
    
    
+ What is it that nobody tells you about adult life?
http://qr.ae/TUNdBY
    My grandfather used to say, “If you’re persistent, you’ll get it. If you’re consistent, you’ll keep it. And if you’re grateful, you’ll attract more of it.”
    Never get tired of changing your good to better and your better to best.
    You no longer have a blame list of why you can't where you want to be.
    Some men get married not because they needed companion but just so they could have a 'sex toy' at home because they see women as a property they own. To every women out there who desire a blissful, prosperous & happy marital life, may yall never encounter such men.
    Hardest thing to accept is the fact that we always want what's perfect when we aren't perfect ourselves.
    
    
 + What's an absolute 'must learn' for twenty-somethings?
 http://qr.ae/TUGWrO
 1 Learn WHO You Are

Before you learn ANYTHING else, learn WHO you are.
I know this sounds a little bit cliche, but it really isn’t.
I don’t mean that you need to “find yourself”, I mean that you need to silence the noise and the mental clutter until you can figure out who you really are at your core.

    What are YOUR goals and dreams (not your friends, family’s, or society’s)
    What is your learning style?
    What are you “naturally” good at
    What do you suck at
    What do you love to do? What do you hate?
    What are your biggest weaknesses (ignore and outsource these if possible)
    What are your biggest strengths (go all in on these)?

Take some time to really figure out who you are and how you operate.
Take personality tests. Figure out your learning style. Learn about cognitive biases and mental traps that you might fall into.
When you know who you are, everything else becomes easier.
We all share the same DNA, but the 1% variance between us and other human beings leads to HUGE changes in how we live our lives and operate on a daily basis.
“Know thyself” and the world will be your oyster.

2. Learn HOW to Perform at High Levels Consistently

If you want to make a fortune, work less than your peers, and enjoy the highest quality of life possible, the FIRST skill that you must master is not marketing, sales, or online advertising.

It’s high performance.

Simply put, you must learn HOW to get more done in less time while avoiding burnout if you want to thrive in today’s economy.
Here are a few basic tactics to get you started:

    Exercise for 30 minutes every single morning (something that works up a sweat but doesn’t drain you)
    Eat an 80/20 whole foods diet
    Get blood work done and identify micro-nutrient deficiencies
    Use the Pomodoro method while working (50 minutes of work, 10–15 minutes of rest)
    Take 1 whole day off each week
    Sleep 8 hours a night
    Plan your days the night before and have clear goals for every block of work or study

This is a bare bones list that will help you perform better and be more productive, but I highly recommend that you check out the following resources too…

    Peak Performance by Brad Stulberg and Steve Magness
    The Productivity Project by Chris Bailey
    High Performance Habits by Brendon Burchard
    Awaken the Giant Within by Tony Robbins
    The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg
    Psycho-cybernetics by Maxwell Maltz

These are just a few to get you started, but if you can only optimize ONE thing in your life… This should be it.

3. Learn at Least ONE Highly Marketable Skill Set

The next thing you should learn after developing self awareness and the ability to perform at high levels is a marketable skill.
For example:

    Copywriting
    Website design
    Sales
    Content creation and marketing
    Coding
    Social media marketing
    Product creation

Any skillset that can be applied to dozens of businesses that MOST people aren’t good at is what you’re looking for here.
I know copywriters who are so good at what they do that they charge more than $50,000 for a 2,000 word sales page.
I know sales experts pulling a 7-figure salary.
I know social media marketers with 8-figure agencies.
You don’t need to know everything.
You just need to be a MASTER at one skill and an EXPERT at 2–3 others (i.e. you’ve put 1000 hours+ into skills that compliment your main skill).
I can’t tell you WHICH skill you should pursue (after all that’s part of knowing yourself) but I can tell you that if you will commit to ONE high level high income skill for the next 5 years, you will never have to worry about money again.

4. Learn the Nuances of Social Dynamics and Networking

It’s not what you know it’s who you know.
This might be an old cliche… But it’s true.
My network has helped me improve my business, secure more deals, and grow my net worth more than any book or program ever has.
I highly recommend that you spend a significant amount of time learning the nuances of persuasion, seduction, social dynamics, and negotiation.
You don’t have to have ANY other skills to succeed in life if you can persuade others.
I interviewed a guy named Steve Sims who used to work as a nightclub bouncer.
Today, he runs a multimillion dollar international luxury concierge service where he helps people do the impossible. Things like:

    Getting a private submarine tour of the Titanic
    Getting married in the vatican… By the pope
    Meeting Elon Musk and Richard Branson
    Having Guns and Roses play a private concert for a friends birthday party

And a whole lot more.
He’ll tell you himself, he’s not smart or gifted at anything other than connecting with people and negotiating good deals.
And he’s a mega millionaire because of it.
Learn this skill and your life will change forever.

5. Learn How to Be an F’ing Adult

Exercise regularly. Follow a budget. Invest money. Go to the dentist when you need to. Keep your house clean. Stop watching porn. Do more than play video games.
Just learn to be a a damn adult.
Too many people are running around looking like they’re 40, acting like they’re 12, and thinking like they’re 15.
Don’t be one of those people.
Learn to grow up and be an adult.
Life is easier when you are better.
End of rant.
Hope this helps.


What are some of the best life tips?

Here is how to save thousands when buying a car:
(I learned this in my MBA program)
We are going to do this entirely online and we are going to leverage price competition to chisel down a rock bottom price.

Rules:

    We don’t want the car dealership calling our phone.
    We want to obtain written quotes via email.

Step 1: Create an email account for this exercise or you will be spammed for eternity by car dealerships.
Step 2: Locate a few (5–10 at least) dealerships you are going to contact. When you go to a site (we’ll use Hyundai for this one) Remember these two things:

    Do not use your phone number. Put the phone number of the dealership. Remember - we want written quotes.
    Use your new email account.

Example Site:
Specify exactly what you want, year, make model etc. Be consistent with each dealership obviously.
Important: State that you intend to buy within the next 2–3 weeks.

A sales rep will inevitably write you an email, usually fairly quickly. Give him your budget and whatnot. Ask him to send you a quote via email.
After you get a few quotes in your pocket, you can probably guess what we do next.
Dealership A: I can sell to you for $20,000 (written quote)
Show that to Dealership B: they will go to $18,000
Or maybe dealership C offers $17,000 and you show it to Dealership B.
It will spiral down quickly, just watch.
There is no reason to show up at a dealership until you know you have a great price. Those guys are wolves and you will be on their turf.
Make the wolves fight each other while you kick back and wait for the best quote to land in your lap.




+ What’s the best money advice I have ever received?
https://qr.ae/TUnXb5

Think of money this way: Spending more money than you earn, is consuming more value than you produce. It isn’t money owed; it’s a deficit of your TIME.
If you don't own any assets, your TIME is the only source of VALUE you have!

DEBT = PRODUCED VALUE - CONSUMED VALUE

Pete has a debt of $500,000, this means he has consumed $500,000 more value than he has produced. The debt that Pete has with Mercedes is a promise of future production of value!
This is why COLLEGE DEBT is so dangerous!

Debt is modern slavery — young generations attached with student debt require future work to pay back — even if they can’t find work!
Invest your hard work wisely — invest and accumulate assets, not junk!




